### Meeting 2/27

Time: 
12:30

Attendees:
 - Jaishnoor Kaur
 - Nechar KC
 - Aidan Tirado
 - Zachary Wickliffe
  
Decisions/Tasks:
 - Assigned tasks (Main person):
   - Use_cases- Jaishnoor
   - Sequence- Zach
   - Use_case_diagrams- Nechar
   - Class_diag- Aidan
   - SRS- Aidan + Harven
  
Next Meeting:
  TBD, Intermittently via Discord


### Meeting 3/6
Time:
12:20

Attendees:
 - Jaishnoor
 - Nechar
 - Aidan
 - Zachary
 - Harven

Decisions/Tasks:
- Finalized ppt
- Allocated slides
- Final review of reqs

Next Meeting:
TBD

 
### Meeting 3/20

Time:
12:15

End: 
12:45

Attendees:
 - Jaishnoor Kaur
 - Nechar KC
 - Zachary Wickliffe

Discussion:
Regrouping

Next Meeting:
TBD

### Meeting 3/28

Time:
1:00 

End:
3:01

Attendees:
 - Jaishnoor Kaur
 - Aidan Tirado
 - Zachary Wickliffe

Discussed:
- Design whiteboarding: ATM and Teller first pass

Next Meeting: 
3/29 at 1300


### Meeting 3/29

Time:
1:06

End:
2:58

Attendees:
 - Jaishnoor Kaur
 - Nechar KC
 - Aidan Tirado
 - Zachary Wickliffe

Discussed:
- Design whiteboarding:
- BankAccount,
- CustomerAccount,
- data storage,
- central module

Next Meeting: 
3/31 at 1300


### Meeting 3/31

Start:
1:00

End:
2:20

Attendees:
 - Jaishnoor Kaur
 - Nechar KC
 - Aidan Tirado
 - Zachary Wickliffe

Discussed: 
- ATM & Teller module second pass
- Fleshed out class specifics
- Finishing details, remaining bits, and timeouts etc. 

Tasks (main assignee):

UML class diagrams: Jaishnoor & Aidan

Use Cases + diagrams: Harven/Nechar

Sequence: Zach

Next meeting: TBD/ Intermittently via Discord


### Meeting 1/10

Start:
12:15

End:
1:00

Attendees:
 - Jaishnoor Kaur
 - Harven dhanota
 - Aidan Tirado
 - Zachary Wickliffe
 - Nechar KC

Discussed:
- finalised presentation
  - finalised slide division
  - finalised use case to include
 
Next Meeting: TBD 


### Dev Meeting 4/28

Attendees:
- Jaishnoor Kaur
- Aidan Tirado

Discussed: Server code status, cleared up some questions


### Intermittent Meetings via Discord

Attendees: Vary

Discussed: 
- 4/22
    - Reached consensus on procedure for pushing code (work on branches and PRs for new code)
- 4/29
    - Discussed changes to Message Type, confirmed communication protocol for operations (Message sequence) (defined originally in design whiteboarding alongside expected data for each)
    - Agreed to have isLoggedIn checks for ATM options as extra safety measure even though we do not expect fetaures to be available without login
    - Agreed to simplify Withdraw protocol by removing intermediate steps
    - Reduced priority of ATM refill


 ### Meeting 5/6

 Attendees:
 - Zach
 - Aidan
 - Nechar
 - Jaishnoor
 - Harven

Discussed:
- Product demo test with multiple clients running on different devices and off-site server
- Finalized slides and presentation plan

Next Meeting:
5/8
